# Desynchronized
Desynchronized is a mod that changes how your Colonists react to the outside world.
>"I merely visited the Mod Scrapyard, found something interesting, and brought it back home. I mean, what could possibly go wrong?" ~ Vectorial1024, prior to releasing this mod.
# Non-Steam Downloads, Previous Versions, and Detailed Changelogs
All of these can be found under the Releases section at the top. Just look for your desired version, and its direct download link and changelog will be there.
# Features Galore
I will be migrating these information to the GitHub Wiki in the future, but right now, these are up to date.
Here is a list of features, be it planned or already in place.
## Current Features
This is a detailed list of features that are already inside the mod, and should be working fine. Report bugs if they do not work as written here.
- Information censorship system: Colonists will not know that the following events have happened outside of their map:
  - Executions (Colonists, Guests, and Prisoners)
  - Banishments (Colonists, Prisoners, and Bonded Animals)
  - Organ Harvests, and potential deaths resulting from them
  - Prisoners Sold
  - Deaths, and their additional associated thoughts generated by relationships
- The following censorships already exist in vanilla RimWorld, so there is no reason for me to reinvent the wheel:
  - Know Butchered Humanlike
  - Colonists Left Unburied
  - Buried in Sarcophagus
- Additional Thoughts related to kidnapping:
  - Colonist Kidnapped
  - My Friend Was Kidnapped
  - My Rival Was Kidnapped
  - My Son/Daughter Was Kidnapped
## Planned Features
These features will be implemented, but may take a while as I figure out the priority order.
- Additional Thoughts regarding kidnapping Colonists
- Introduce a proper system to simulate information barricade and spread; this would allow actualization of the mod's objectives: __to bring information censorship into the Rim__. __The skeleton code is condensing itself into a usable system.__
## Conceptual Ideas
I don't have much detail about these features in my mind but I think these features are possible and interesting. I will consider implementing these features in the long run.
- Colonists should react to Pawn Deaths (Colonists) outside of their map differently
- Colonists should react to cannibal meals differently (idea by Steam user megaboto)
- Colonists should have persistent thoughts that are based on their social relationships
- Other things
# Compatibility Announcements
## On Save-Game Compatibility
I can forsee a lot of features being added to this mod.
No problem on trying to add this to your existing playthrough, but there might be potential problems trying to remove this from your existing playthrough. I may consider adding a "ghost mode" for this mod to safely abort the functionality of this mod from inside the game.
## On Cross-Mod Compatibility
Well, there seems to have a lot of mods that could play well with this mod. Here is a list of mods that I think will require work:
- Psychology
- Rumor Has It
- Questionable Ethics
- Blood Pack
- Brain in a Jar
- (probably even more)
